Use this file to record your reflection on this assignment. 

What worked, what didn't, what advice would you give someone taking this course in the future?

Some things that worked for me throughout this assignment were going through the rubric and README file and making a list of the tasks I needed to accomplish. Once I listed all of those tasks, I went through and organized them by what I thought should go in the computer class and what I thought should go in the resale shop class. I had a bit of trouble deciphering the source code, so I did end up going to TA hours. The strategy that they gave me was to work on the computer class first because that code would help in firguring out the methods for the resale shop. That strategy ended up working really well and I was able to get a better understanding of what the assignment was asking for. Another strategy that worked well for me was writing each method one at a time and checking that each method worked before moving onto the next. I also checked multiple methods at once to see how they interacted with one another. For instance, whether or not the refurbish method would still work even if I had sold the only computer in the inventory or if an error message would appear if I tried to print inventory before buying a computer.

Some things that didn't work for me were trying to write code without reading through ALL of the source code and instructions a few times and gaining a thorough understanding of the information provided, and trying to work on different parts of the code at once. These two approaches just ended up confusing me more than necessary and the entire process took longer because of this.

Advice that I would give someone taking this course is to really focus on each and every detail. Try to go through your code slowly and make sure the syntax is correct. I had a lot of indentation errors which stopped my code from working, but I kept changing my code because I didn't know about indentation errors at the time. I would also tell someone taking this course to take advantage of the TA hours because they are there to help and a great resrouce to confide in. The TAs don't give the answer upfront but they ask questions that prompt you to think about your problems and ways to come up with solutions.
